LAST TIME ON
"YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Yubel: WELCOME!
YUBEL!
JADEN, LOOKS LIKE
YOU MADE IT.
I'VE BEEN WAITING.
YOUR DAYS OF SENDING
PEOPLE TO THE STARS
ARE OVER, YUBEL!
THIS IS BETWEEN YOU
AND ME, SO LEAVE
JESSE OUT OF THIS
AND DUEL ME
IN YOUR TRUE FORM!
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
WITH THIS BODY,
I GET TO FORCE YOU
TO FIGHT YOUR FRIEND.
IF YOU WANT A DUEL,
THEN YOU GOT ONE!
I HOPED YOU'D SAY THAT.
HERE GOES!
NEOS, ATTACK
YUBEL DIRECTLY!
[NEOS YELLING]
YOU THINK THAT BY
CHIPPING AWAY AT
MY LIFE POINTS,
YOU'RE ACTUALLY
HURTING ME.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT.
I'M ABOUT TO SHOW YOU
SOMETHING INCREDIBLE.
RISE!
MY MIGHTY BEAST,
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON!
Jaden, thinking:
OK, THERE IT IS.
I JUST HOPE MY HUNCH
IS CORRECT.
HOPEFULLY,
JESSE'S SPIRIT HAS
BEEN LOCKED AWAY
AND TRAPPED IN
THAT DARK DRAGON.
NOW GET READY!
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK NEOS WITH DARK
RAINBOW REFRACTION!
UH!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
JADEN?
JADEN, HELP ME.
JESSE,
HANG ON AS LONG
AS YOU CAN.
I'M GONNA SAVE
YOU SOMEHOW,
SOME WAY!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YOU CAN TRY ALL
YOU WANT TO,
BUT JESSE ISN'T GOING
ANYWHERE UNLESS I SAY SO!
HE'S MINE, AND I'VE LOCKED
HIM AWAY LIKE YOU DID TO ME.
I GUESS IT'S TRUE,
WHAT THEY SAY, THAT
WHAT GOES AROUND
EVENTUALLY
DOES COMES AROUND!
YOU HAVE TO STOP
ALL THIS RIGHT NOW!
PLEASE, YUBEL,
JUST LISTEN!
THIS IS BETWEEN
YOU AND ME!
AND JESSE.
SEE, YOU HURT,
BECAUSE HE HURTS,
AND THAT MAKES ME
FEEL BETTER.
NOW, THEN...
WHERE DID WE LEAVE OFF?
OH, YES, HOW SILLY
OF ME TO FORGET!
ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND MY BEASTS
WILL DEFEAT YOU!
IT REALLY IS QUITE
THE SHAME, JADEN.
HAVING TRAVELED
ALL THIS DISTANCE,
ONLY TO FAIL NOW!
YUBEL'S RIGHT!
IF POOR JADEN IS ATTACKED,
HIS LIFE POINTS ARE HISTORY.
OH, SYRUS, I CAN'T
BEAR TO WATCH!
WE HAVE TO BELIEVE!
ANY LAST WORDS
FOR ME, JADEN?
NO, HUH?
WELL, I MUST SAY I'M
NOT ALL THAT SURPRISED
BECAUSE THERE'S NOTHING
LEFT TO SAY!
NOW, TOPAZ TIGER
AND SAPPHIRE PEGASUS,
IT'S TIME TO END
THIS BATTLE!
ATTACK!
I DON'T THINK SO
BECAUSE THANKS
TO MY NEOSPACE ROAD,
YOU'RE NOT
ENDING ANYTHING!
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS
THIS ROUND,
THIS TRAP CARD
REPELS
BOTH YOUR
CRYSTAL BEASTS'
ATTACKS!
[TOPAZ TIGER GROWLS]
THANKS FOR YOUR
HELP, NEOS!
AND NEXT,
MY TRAP LETS ME
DRAW ONE CARD!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
YOU JUST DON'T GIVE UP.
I WISH YOU WERE MORE
LIKE THIS WITH ME!
BUT, NO, INSTEAD,
YOU TURNED YOUR BACK TO ME
AND SENT ME FAR AWAY!
BUT NOT FAR ENOUGH.
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
Ojama yellow: JADEN
SURVIVED THE ROUND!
Crowler:
BUT CAN HE
KEEP SURVIVING?
WE BETTER
HOPE HE CAN!
IT'S MY MOVE!
I DRAW!
Jaden, thinking:
WHAT TO DO.
I HAVE
THREE CARDS
AND TWO CHOICES.
ON THE ONE HAND,
I COULD SUMMON
MY GRAND MOLE
WHICH WOULD SEND RAINBOW
DARK DRAGON BACK TO
YUBEL'S HAND...
BUT THEN I'D
BE LEAVING MYSELF
WIDE OPEN,
WHICH MEANS HIS
ADVANCED TOPAZ TIGER
OR SAPPHIRE PEGASUS
COULD TAKE ME
OUT WITH
A SINGLE ATTACK.
[SAPPHIRE PEGASUS NEIGHING]
NO. IT'S CLEAR WHAT
I HAVE TO DO!
AND THAT'S TAKE
THAT DARK DRAGON
HEAD-ON!
NOW, IF THIS
STRATEGY WORKS,
I JUST MIGHT BE
ABLE TO SAVE JESSE
AT THE SAME TIME!
I PLAY...
CONVERT CONTACT!
AND SINCE THERE
AREN'T ANY CARDS
IN PLAY ON MY FIELD.
THIS SPELL LETS ME
SEND A NEO-SPACIAN
FROM MY DECK
AND MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
AND THEN I
GET TO DRAW
TWO NEW CARDS.
SWEET!
I PLAY BUBBLEMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY.
YOU SEE, WHEN
HE'S THE ONLY CARD
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT I GOT!
Jaden, thinking:
NOT BAD!
THIS MIGHT WORK
AFTER ALL.
NEXT I LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
JADEN, YOU'RE ACTUALLY
CALLING THAT A TURN?
BECAUSE THAT MOVE
LOOKED MORE LIKE
A WASTE OF TIME.
BUT I'M NOT
DISAPPOINTED...
BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I'VE
COME TO EXPECT FROM YOU.
NOW, SAPPHIRE PEGASUS,
ATTACK BUBBLEMAN!
[NEIGHING]
AND WITH HIM OUT OF THE WAY,
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
END THIS.
[GROWLING]
AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN!
I PLAY
MY FACEDOWN.
AND WITH FLUTE OF
SUMMONING KURIBOH,
I SUMMON OUT
WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[KURIBOH CALLING]
[SYRUS AND CROWLER MOANING]
WHAT'S THIS?
JADEN...
HELLO?
Jaden: HEY, IT'S JESSE'S
CRYSTAL BEASTS!
WHAT'S GOING ON, GUYS?
RUBY? AM I DREAMING?
UNFORTUNATELY
NOT, JADEN.
IT'S MORE LIKE
AN UNOFFICIAL
TIME-OUT.
WHERE ARE WE?!
CAN YA TELL ME?
WE'RE WITHIN
KURIBOH'S LIGHT.
IN HERE, OUR TRUE FORMS
CAN BE REVEALED TO YOU.
AND WE'RE SAFE
FROM THAT YUBEL.
NOW LISTEN CAREFULLY.
OUR DEAR FRIEND HAS BEEN
TRAPPED WITHIN THE RAINBOW
DARK DRAGON CARD.
Sapphire unicorn:
AND WE CANNOT SAVE HIM.
YUBEL'S DARKNESS
INFECTS US.
HER FIELD SPELL FORCES
US TO DO HER BIDDING!
HER FIELD SPELL?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND IN ORDER
TO FREE US,
YOU MUST FIRST DESTROY
THAT FIELD SPELL.
ONCE THAT DARKNESS
IS DESTROYED,
YOU MUST THEN FIGURE
OUT A WAY TO DEFEAT
THE DARK DRAGON.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU MUST DO?
FIRST I TAKE OUT
THE FIELD SPELL
AND THEN DESTROY
THE DRAGON!
GOOD LUCK.
JADEN, WE'RE ALL
COUNTING ON YOU.
RUBY...
HUH?
THANKS FOR ALL
YOUR HELP, OLD PAL.
SO, MY POWERS REVEALED
THAT YOU'VE MET MY BEASTS!
NOW THEN,
TELL ME...
WHAT DID YOU TALK
ABOUT WITH THEM?
WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING
ON DOING?
WELL, WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M NOT LETTING IT HAPPEN!
TIME'S UP!
HA HA HA!
TOPAZ, ATTACK!
ATTACK? THAT'S
SENSELESS!
WINGED KURIBOH'S
EFFECT PROTECTS ME!
OH, I KNOW.
YOU SEE, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONE I'M LOOKING
TO TEACH A LESSON TO.
IT'S HIM, TOPAZ TIGER!
ATTACK!
NO!
NEXT TIME, YOU MIGHT
THINK TWICE BEFORE
GOING BEHIND MY BACK
WITH MY BEASTS.
YA GOT THAT?
THESE ARE MY MONSTERS!
SO DON'T GO
MESSIN' WITH 'EM,
OR THEY'LL PAY!
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
Jaden, thinking:
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL FREE YOU GUYS
FROM THE DARKNESS
SOON ENOUGH!
Jaden: ALL RIGHT,
YUBEL, MY GO!
Jaden, thinking:
HMM, WHAT TO DO...
Jaden: I PLAY...
THE SPELL COCOON PARTY.
SO NOW FOR EVERY
NEO-SPACIAN THAT'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO SELECT AND SUMMON
ONE CHRYSALIS FROM MY DECK.
SO WITH FLARE SCARAB
AND GRAND MOLE
IN MY GRAVE,
I PLAY CHRYSALIS DOLPHIN
AND CHRYSALIS CHICKY!
AND NOW
I ACTIVATE CONTACT!
THANKS TO THIS SPELL,
MY MONSTERS EVOLVE!
SO SAY HELLO
TO NEO-SPACIAN
AQUA DOLPHIN
AND NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD!
AND THANKS
TO HUMMINGBIRD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I GET 500 LIFE
POINTS FOR EVERY
CARD IN YOUR HAND!
Syrus: HIS LIFE
POINTS WENT UP.
HE'S BACK
IN THIS!
BUT HE'S GOT QUITE
A WAYS TO GO. YUBEL
STILL HAS THE EDGE!
AND NOW I PLAY
O-OVERSOUL!
WITH THE POWER
OF THIS SPELL,
IF THERE'S
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
IN MY GRAVE,
I CAN SUMMON
IT DIRECTLY
TO MY FIELD.
SO I PLAY ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
AND NOW, I'LL
FUSE NEOS WITH
MY NEO-SPACIANS
TO FORM THE ULTIMATE
ELEMENTAL HERO!
THE ULTIMATE
ELEMENTAL HERO?!
NOW, NEOS,
AQUA DOLPHIN, AND
AIR HUMMINGBIRD...
IT'S TIME
TO FUSE TOGETHER!
FROM THE DEPTHS
OF SPACE,
I CALL UP THE MOST
POWERFUL HERO,
OTHERWISE
KNOWN AS...
ELEMENTAL HERO
STORM NEOS!
[ELEMENTAL HERO
STORM NEOS ROARING]
HUH?
FINE. BRING IT.
SO THAT'S YOUR
NEW ELEMENTAL HERO.
NOT BAD, JADEN.
CHECK IT. HE'S GOT
3,000 ATTACK POINTS!
WOW!
AND THAT'S NOTHING
COMPARED TO HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY, SYRUS,
BECAUSE ONCE A TURN,
HE POWERS UP
AND THEN CAN DESTROY
ALL THE SPELLS
AND TRAPS ON THE FIELD.
BUT THEN...
YOUR ADVANCED
DARK FIELD SPELL IS
DOWN AND OUT!
AND NOW IT IS TIME
YOU SEE THE LIGHT!
[ELEMENTAL HERO STORM
NEOS ROARING]
Crowler: OH, DEAR!
Ojama yellow:
THIS IS GOOD, RIGHT?
MY FIELD SPELL'S GONE!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
HAPPENS NEXT,
DON'T YOU?
WITHOUT THAT FIELD
SPELL IN PLAY,
YOUR BEASTS
ARE ALL ELIMINATED
FROM THE GAME!
AND SO IS
THE DARKNESS
THAT CONTROLS THEM!
[TOPAZ TIGER GROWLING,
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS NEIGHING]
THE CRYSTAL BEASTS,
THEY'VE BEEN SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
Ojama yellow:
JAY DID IT!
YEAH! JADEN FOUGHT
PAST ALL THE FEAR THAT
HE WAS FEELING INSIDE
AND FINALLY FOUND
THE STRENGTH TO TRUST
IN HIMSELF
AND HIS FUSION CARD!
YOU'RE OK!
THANKS TO YOU,
THE DARKNESS
HAS BEEN LIFTED.
PERHAPS NOW JESSE
JUST MIGHT HEAR US!
LET'S GIVE IT A TRY!
Amethyst cat:
JESSE, LISTEN TO US!
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU, JESSE!
Sapphire unicorn:
YOU'RE NOT ALONE!
Amethyst cat:
WE'RE TRYING
TO HELP YOU!
- JESSE!
- COME ON.
Jaden:
IT'S ME, JES!
I KNOW YOU
CAN DO IT!
Jesse: WHAT'S THIS?
WHERE AM I?
WHO'S OUT THERE?
OH, IT'S MY CRYSTAL BEASTS
AND JADEN!
HEY, GUYS!
OH, JESSE!
GOOD LUCK,
JADEN!
GOOD LUCK, JADEN.
Jaden, thinking:
NOW I JUST GOTTA GET
THEM OUT OF THAT DRAGON,
AND I THINK I KNOW HOW!
I'M PLAYING
THE EQUIP SPELL
INSTANT SPACE
SO STORM NEOS
STICKS AROUND,
BECAUSE NORMALLY,
ONCE HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY IS USED,
HE GETS SENT BACK
TO MY DECK.
BUT FORTUNATELY
WITH THIS
EQUIP SPELL,
HE GETS
TO STICK AROUND!
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
YUBEL.
JADEN, NOW PLEASE
TELL ME,
YOU DON'T THINK
YOU'LL RESCUE
YOUR FRIEND, DO YOU?
Jaden, thinking:
JUST KEEP
TALKING, YUBEL.
AS SOON AS I GET
RID OF THAT RAINBOW
DARK DRAGON,
JESSE WILL BE FREE!
I ALREADY GOT
THE DARKNESS OFF
THE FIELD.
I JUST HAVE
TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO REMOVE IT
FROM THAT
DRAGON CARD
OR JESSE AND I
ARE BOTH FINISHED!
NOW, JADEN,
IT'S TIME TO SAY
GOOD-BYE TO YOUR NEOS.
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK!
OH, MY!
OH, MY
IS RIGHT!
HE JUST
BLEW HIS
NEOS AWAY.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, NOW
I'LL USE INSTANT
NEOSPACE'S EFFECT!
BECAUSE YOUR
DRAGON DESTROYED
STORM NEOS,
I CAN BRING BACK
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
HIM AGAIN?!
YOU MUST BE TIRED
OR DESPERATE.
Yubel, thinking:
NOW I JUST NEED YOU TO GET
ANGRY AND CONFIDENT ENOUGH
TO USE YOUR MOST
POWERFUL CARD AGAINST ME.
I'VE GOT MY OWN TRICK
UP MY SLEEVE
THAT WILL TURN
THE TABLES, PERMANENTLY!
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH TWO FACEDOWNS.
Jaden, thinking: I KNOW
I CAN SAVE JESSE.
I JUST HOPE I CAN LAST
LONG ENOUGH TO DO IT!
OH, NO! WITH
JADEN FADING,
EVERYTHING IS LOST!
JADEN'S ON HIS LAST LEG!
SUCK IT UP, JAY!
ALL RIGHT, YUBEL,
I'M PLAYING
FIFTH HOPE!
AND WITH IT,
I CAN TAKE 5
ELEMENTAL HEROES
OUT OF MY GRAVEYARD
AND SHUFFLE 'EM
BACK INTO MY DECK!
AFTER THAT, I CAN
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS!
Jaden, thinking: OH, NO.
SUPER POLYMERIZATION!
I DON'T KNOW IF
I'M READY FOR IT.
ITS POWER HURT SO
MANY OF MY FRIENDS...
CHAZZ, HASSLEBERRY,
ATTICUS,
AND POOR ALEXIS.
JIM, HE GAVE HIS
ALL, AND AXEL, HE RISKED
EVERYTHING TO SAVE ME
FROM THE DARKNESS.
SIR FREED, HE PUT
MY WELL-BEING AHEAD
OF HIS OWN.
I OWE IT TO EVERYONE
I HURT WITH THIS CARD
TO THEIR MEMORIES
TO TRY TO OVERCOME MY
FEAR AND USE IT FOR GOOD.
I KNOW THE LAST TIME
I PLAYED IT,
I WAS THE SUPREME KING.
IT'S A NIGHTMARE
I NEVER WANT TO RELIVE!
YET AFTER EVERYTHING I DID,
MY FRIENDS STAYED
BY MY SIDE
AND TRIED ALL THEY
COULD TO HELP ME RIGHT
THE WRONGS I'D CAUSED
TO HELP ME FIND MY WAY.
WILL IT HAPPEN AGAIN
IF I USE THIS CARD?
NO, YOU HAVE
TO BE BRAVE, JAY!
DON'T BE AFRAID!
YOU'VE GOTTA
CONQUER YOUR FEAR
OF THE PAST
IF YOU EVER WANT
TO MOVE FORWARD.
THE SUPREME KING
WON'T TAKE OVER
AGAIN.
YOU HAVE TO USE
SUPER POLYMERIZATION
TO FREE JESSE,
NO MATTER WHAT
THE RISK... KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE YOU'VE GOT
A FRIEND TO SAVE!
OK, THIS IS IT.
I ACTIVATE...
SUPER POLYMERIZATION!
ALL RIGHT!
FIRST THINGS FIRST,
BY SENDING ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN NOW
COMBINE THIS GUY,
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS,
WITH YOUR RAINBOW
DARK DRAGON!
AND TOGETHER,
THEY'LL CREATE
A CREATURE
THAT WILL PURGE
THE REMAINING DARKNESS
FROM THE FIELD
AND FREE
MY FRIEND JESSE!
[GROWLING]
JADEN?
I'M RIGHT HERE!
LOOK UP THERE, GUYS.
THE DARKNESS
IS LEAVING!
AAH!
JESSE!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
YUBEL, MEET YOUR DOOM!
COME FORTH,
RAINBOW NEOS!
AMAZING!
JADEN? IS THAT YOU?
YOU BET, PARTNER!
SO, THEN, WHAT HAPPENED?
[YUBEL LAUGHING]
HE RESCUED YOU.
OF COURSE, I ALWAYS
KNEW HE WOULD.
YOU DID?!
I NEVER INTENDED
TO KEEP YOUR FRIEND.
IT'S THE CARD.
THAT'S WHAT I SOUGHT
TO ACQUIRE.
DON'T YOU SEE?
HUH?!
THE ONLY WAY YOU
COULD FREE JESSE
WAS BY USING IT.
AND YOU FELL FOR IT.
SORRY, JADEN, 'CAUSE
NOW IT'S ALL MINE.
GIVE THAT BACK!
YOU CAN'T JUST
TAKE MY SUPER
POLYMERIZATION
UNLESS... YOU PLAYED
THE SPELL CARD
LAST TRICK,
WHICH WOULD MEAN
THAT YOU COULD
TAKE A SPELL CARD
THAT I PUT IN
MY GRAVEYARD!
YOU SET THIS ALL UP!
BUT WHY?
OH, YOU'LL FIND
OUT SOON ENOUGH
BECAUSE NOW, THE FUN BEGINS!
[CHUCKLING]
I PLAY THOUSAND BUSTER!
BY GIVING UP 1,000
LIFE POINTS...
ALL MONSTERS WITH
LESS THAN A THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS
ARE DESTROYED.
AND WE TAKE
A THOUSAND POINTS
OF DAMAGE AS WELL!
JESSE!
[CHUCKLING]
LOOKS LIKE WE BOTH LOSE.
AND NOW, MY DEAR JADEN,
A NEW DUEL WILL BEGIN
IN OBLIVION!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
AT THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON,
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪